[#975] Rename Airy Core Platform (#985)
airyhq/airy: frontend/ui/README.md

### Airy Demo UI

> The Airy Demo UI is a minimal user interactive frontend project that showcases the Airy Core API.It enables users to experience the functionalities of our Airy Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Airy UI is a fully featured user interactive frontend project that showcases Airy Core features. It enables users to experience the functionalities of Airy Core.
```
